Hello everyone in the continuation of the purchase
in france during big discounts
I would like to tell you about one
its such a purchase principle this purchase
This moment is not for me but for
I bought him while he was at work
busy shoes store san marino too
very big discounts right now right up
some stores right up to seventy
percent in san marino discounts about
30 50 percent facing car model
here once we went for choosing him
shoes and chose these shoes but
because we still planned to go to
grocery store asked seller
postpone until we return
not to hang themselves more through the store
grocery
and of course while we were walking
grocery store he is already such
how would a clothing store shoes so on
closed and stayed at that time my
husband without shoes but thank you, lord
because then there were no discounts yet
now also 30 percent so
Excellent Excellent I am very pleased with the price
there was a shoe of 90 euros at a discount of 30
percent i paid 63 meters let's
we'll see
so here everything is packed
such boots are wonderful
classic all the more there is nothing
no spoons and the world klaeng him and
the best gift shop where the owners
meanie
we are here as always paper so here
lining so that the shoes do not lose their
form inside inscription in san marino
here is the skin outside and inside and the sole
other material and
and by the way here is also a plus textile
leather and sole other material to him
most likely it
rubberized some plastic i
I do not know more on the rubber looks
The price here is also indicated 90 euros but I
bought at a discount for 60 here such
wonderful shoes he has tried on him
everything came here just decided just a video
make sure you know what quality
france sold on shares shoes all
very well glued
very good nowhere glue sticks out all
very neatly sewn too good
no led to her then this shoe also
too, everything is well glued stitched
wonderful shoes
This is certainly not for every day q so where
then go out in people say so on people
see yourself figure so little
we lower so here they are better placed
that here and so the husband was very pleased
will wear thanks to you all
liked the review
click like subscribe to our
channel and also if you have any
questions about shopping in france
online or in the stores you can
ask questions either in the comments
or write in a personal
tell you the answer will help all to all
thanks, bye vocals